---
description: These are the features and improvements released in June 2023.
---

# June 2023

## FUNCTIONS & FEATURES

* [Visitors/ Customers - Concretize the activities of an audience profile](june-2023.md#concretize-the-activities-of-an-audience-profile)
* [Bussiness Objects - Label collections](june-2023.md#label-collections)
* [Business Objects - Mark Personal Identifiable Information attribute](june-2023.md#mark-personal-identifiable-information-attribute)
* [Event Sources - Reject Message](june-2023.md#reject-message)
* [Destinations - Whatsapp Integration](june-2023.md#whatsapp-and-telegram-integration)
* [Destinations - Limit the frequency of repeating the Antsomi web push notification](june-2023.md#limit-the-frequency-of-repeating-the-antsomi-web-push-notification)

## DETAILS

### Concretize the activities of an audience profile

The information about an event performed by a customer or a visitor through a Journey is now more profound with Journey & Promotion Code information. As a result, it provides an in-depth understanding of the audience.

[See more](https://docs.antsomi.com/cdp-365-user-guide-en/personas/visitors-and-customers#audience-profile)

### Label collections

To differentiate collections having the same characteristics with the others, you could assign labels according to your purposes, using the Label feature.

[Learn how](https://docs.antsomi.com/cdp-365-user-guide-en/data-hub/business-objects/business-objects/collections#label)

### Mark Personal Identifiable Information attribute

To significantly enhance the confidentiality of customer data, a Personal Identifiable Information (PII) feature was developed and added to the setting of an attribute. Using this feature will encrypt the data in the chosen attribute and only accounts having the permissions are able to decrypt it.&#x20;

[See more](https://docs.antsomi.com/cdp-365-user-guide-en/data-hub/business-objects/business-objects/attributes#create-a-new-attribute)

### Reject Message

Locate the “Reject Message” column to be aware of the reason for event rejection and fix it promptly by going to the details of a specific Event >> Event Log tab.

[See more](https://docs.antsomi.com/cdp-365-user-guide-en/data-hub/event-sources#details-of-an-event-in-a-source)

### Whatsapp Integration

Users are now able to connect CDP 365 with Whatsapp and Telegram vendors by creating corresponding destinations. These destinations will later be used in Customer Journey allowing you to send personalized text messages or message templates to the targeted audience.

[Learn how](https://docs.antsomi.com/cdp-365-user-guide-en/use-cases/marketing-hub/how-to-send-app-push-message-using-whatsapp-in-cdp-365)

### Limit the frequency of repeating the Antsomi web push notification

To limit the number of times a web push notification pop on your website and avoid Spam feeling for your audience, locate the Permission Prompt Editor setting in the Antsomi web push Destination.

[See more](https://docs.antsomi.com/cdp-365-user-guide-en/use-cases/marketing-hub/how-to-push-notification-using-antsomi-web-push-in-cdp-365#1.4.4.-permission-prompt-setup)

\
\
\
